#summary Database Study
#sidebar TableOfContents

[http://hatter-source-code.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/attachments/sql/sql1992.txt The SQL-92 standard]

==Oracle <font color="red">_【商业数据库】_</font>==
http://www.oracle.com/

==SQL Server <font color="red">_【商业数据库】_</font>==
http://www.microsoft.com/sqlserver/en/us/default.aspx

==MySQL==
http://www.mysql.com/<br>
The MySQL database has become the world's most popular open source database because of its high performance, high reliability and ease of use.

|| `Drizzle` || http://www.drizzle.org/ || Drizzle | A database for the cloud ||
|| `MariaDB` || http://mariadb.org/ || MariaDB - An enhanced, drop-in replacement for MySQL ||
|| `Percona Server` || http://www.percona.com/software/percona-server/ || Percona Server is an enhanced drop-in replacement for MySQL ||
|| `OurDelta` || http://ourdelta.org/ || OurDelta - Enhanced, packaged convenience for MySQL and MariaDB ||

==PostgreSQL==
http://www.postgresql.org/<br>
PostgreSQL is a powerful, open source object-relational database system. It has more than 15 years of active development and a proven architecture that has earned it a strong reputation for reliability, data integrity, and correctness.

==SqLite==
http://www.sqlite.org/<br>
SQLite is a software library that implements a self-contained, serverless, zero-configuration, transactional SQL database engine. SQLite is the most widely deployed SQL database engine in the world. 

==Berkeley DB==
http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/products/berkeleydb/overview/index.html<br>
Berkeley DB (BDB) is a software library that provides a high-performance embedded database for key/value data.

==H2 Database==
http://www.h2database.com/html/main.html<br>
H2 is a relational database management system written in Java. It can be embedded in Java applications or run in the client-server mode.

==HSQLDB==
http://hsqldb.org/<br>
HSQLDB - 100% Java Database

==Apache Derby==
http://db.apache.org/derby/<br>
Apache Derby, an Apache DB subproject, is an open source relational database implemented entirely in Java and available under the Apache License, Version 2.0.

==Firebird==
http://www.firebirdsql.org/<br>
Firebird is a relational database offering many ANSI SQL standard features that runs on Linux, Windows, and a variety of Unix platforms. Firebird offers excellent concurrency, high performance, and powerful language support for stored procedures and triggers. It has been used in production systems, under a variety of names, since 1981.

==neo4j==
http://neo4j.org/<br>
Neo4j is a high-performance, NOSQL graph database with all the features of a mature and robust database. 

=_数据库系统参考_=
http://db-engines.com/en/ranking

----

取数据库元数据信息： http://db.apache.org/ddlutils/